OSDOCS-16960 AUTH-2 CQA Part 2 (#113538)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/identity-provider-default-CR.adoc

[id="identity-provider-default-CR_{context}"]
= Sample identity provider CR

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the following custom resource (CR) to see the parameters and default
values that you use to configure an identity provider. This example

> uses the htpasswd identity provider.

Reviewer: A reviewer told me to avoid references to items outside of the short desc. 
```suggestion
You can use a custom resource (CR) to see the parameters and default
values that you use to configure an identity provider. 

The following example
uses the htpasswd identity provider.
```

  name: cluster
spec:
  identityProviders:
  - name: my_identity_provider
    mappingMethod: claim
    type: HTPasswd
    htpasswd:
      fileData:
        name: htpass-secret
----
where:

> `metadata.name`:: Specifies the provider name, which is prefixed to provider user names to form an identity name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.identityProviders.name`:: Specifies the provider name, which is prefixed to provider user names to form an identity name.
```
